# ShopQuiz
This is the information from the shop quiz.
Attached is the Apparel, bath, book, product and shop java files. allowing you to buy and have java hold the value of the purchased items of your choice. This is to demonstrate the ability to use inheritance.


This concept was very straight forward as each class has their own attributes, with each class comes everything in it that you would normally see in that class. An example of this is book class will have book objects in there. Number of pages, isbn and other vairables that a book would need. Each of these classes are extended from product as product is the base class. Product class holds all the needs that other category classes need to function. The shop class calls to the other methods and utilizes the constructors made in those classes. 
As you continue to move through shop class which holds the main file of the program. You must create a menu and initalize the scanner method. This will allow the menu to become dynamic to the user. Within the menu you must create a do-while loop that allows the end user to select a number. Each number in the menu will have their own value. That value will hold an item that you created such as a book or item. From that you allow the user to choose what they want and the program will hold and remember the total value of all the items you desire to purchase. Within the code you must also subtract that item after the desired item was bought. This helps others not buy items that don't exist due to someone else buying them. The best way to end a program like this is to create a number that will end the program and show the user how much they owe after browsing the store.
